And so, this street
Enter this house
Go up to the eighth floor
Ring the bell
Knock on that door
And no one will open for you
Run fool
RUN FOOL
Down the stairwell
through the notes on the walls
Forgotten forever
Down the stairwell
like burns on a whitewash
Inexplicable like me
Down the stairwell
And where is that street?
And where is that house?
On which floor are they waiting for us?
Where open without a ring
Where without knock I will enter
Where they say hello and I won’t run away
I will not run away
Down the stairwell
through the notes on the walls
Forgotten forever
Down the stairwell
like burns on a whitewash
Inexplicable like me
Down the stairwell